Hi friends. Here we are going to discuss a mode of moto
three that is paginating AWS APA Reserves using the moto three Python SDK,
or simply paginated moto three for client object to guys Here,
I am mentioning that client object.
That means resonators are available for your client object,
not for a work resource object.
Right?
So what are these resonators?
Why we, how to use them, right?
Let me go with step-by-step.
First thing, paginated plays a role when we use both O3 to quality AWS resources.
So gets quieter means getting information from your AWS about your resources, right?
Suppose, you know, like to get a AWS EC2 instances.
I am users, buckets,
objects, groups, Information, Rules, Policies.
I want to get, suppose all politics.
I want to get all roles.
So I wanted to get all users,
I wanted to get all IAM users, right.
Likewise. So whenever if you want to
do a query with you or AWS using moto three at that time,
resonators are very important.
Why they are important?
So as of now from our previous videos, right,
without paginated concept, Yes,
we are able to fetch the all EC2 instances,
all I am users.
Right?
Then why does paginate is or important?
Let me explain that.
See, whenever if you do a query, right,
both three makes a APA call to your AWS.
So by making APA call,
right to your AWS moto three,
we give the information,
will fetch the information, right?
Generally, each APA call will return 50 or a 100 returns.
Let's say suppose you are going to describe
all your EC2 instances using your Bordeaux three of quaint method.
Then that syntax will make APA call with your AWS, right?
And it will get to the results of maximum 50 or a 100.
That means, let say suppose you are having 1000 EC2 instances.
If you make a client API call,
bite not resource gaze,
client trying to dot you are describing stanzas call if you do.
Because of that, it will fetch 50 EC2 instances information only.
The same way whenever if you do the APA called to
get IAM users information using your client ID will get maximum a 100.
Excerpt F3. F3 will return up to 1000,
means 1000, and obviously it will written.
So too do clarity.
Let me open my terminal.
So I'm going to add symbol Python voters.
We skipped get all IAM users.
This is also a query, right?
I need to get information about I need to get all IAM users,
right, let me import boat U3.
First. I'm going to create a session.
You know, where it first appears always creating a session.
Then we are using suppose profile name as double underscore root.
Then I am going to create I am resource object first. Write y.
We are going to discuss resonators for client only.
We have to first understand that.
So that's my first i'm going to create a resource upset Session.get resource.
But early I'm going to do,
I am right now for each user.
In your IAM resource dot users dot all I wanted to get all users.
Then print each.
Let me count it as well.
County coast to one initially.
So I want to count we all users,
I am users, right?
So this code already we have seen in our previous videos,
just I'm taking them for next iteration.
I want to increase my count value.
First, let me nondescript
2T naught for IAM us or they're in my account.
Actually, let me open my icon so that you will get idea.
I am right in I am,
I want to work with suppose users, right?
In a MER, different options I want to work with users.
Let me go on with users and see that there are two naught for i am users.
Yes, I am able to get all,
not for IAM users with the help of your resource object.
There is no problem, right?
But a same core.
What I'm doing is I'm going to comment with your resource method.
Because for some of the services, you know,
you don't have this resource.
You have only client, right?
You know, for which services you are having this resource and climb.
We have a node for that,
right in our previous wheels only for some of them,
few of them, a few of your Animal Services are having resource object.
That's why you have to know about client Jasmine, right?
Let me create my client object Session.get client.
I am.
Now let me get my all users with the help of
these am applying the row operation called lift users.
So in this list users,
you want users only, right?
Let me print first. Each user.
Okay, you need to print out user name as well, right?
At the same time. I want to mention here count also.
Let me take initially County coast to one column,
each user in key called username.
You how to get the let me increase my count value.
Right now, let me run this and see the output.
So you are getting only a 100 I am users.
Then what about remaining two naught, naught four?
I am users. Whenever if you do resource yea call,
you're able to get all your IAM users.
But whenever if you do joint ABA call,
you are getting only a 100 I am users.
Actually you are having two naught four, right?
But you are getting only a 100, right?
So that's why paginated or important for your client, right?
The same way if you describe your instances using client,
you will get Migrant 50 instances.
You are not going to get all your EC2 instances, right?
So for based on your service,
but this value varies from 50 or a 100 excerpt to this S3.
X3 will give maximum 1000 results.
Okay, that's fine.
So now you know that while working with client,
if you do some query, you are not,
there is no guarantee that you're not going to get all the values.
All the IAM users, all the buckets,
all the objects, all these it is census.
Likewise, there is no guaranteed to get.
All right.
That's why he, pollinators are important.
Anyway.
Say actually IQ APA called returning a page.
So whenever, if you run your boater three lists
users that will make the API call to your AWS account.
From that, we'll get the information like one page.
That page consist of maximum age or 50 or a 100 except for this F3.
So this pair is enough to support just urgent that we are going to fetch.
I am useless information.
Now this pair gives you enough to catch only a 100 IMUs and
that's why it is skipping remaining 100.
And then one more page you are having four users.
Could L2 norm for users.
That's why I came here to get three pages.
But HAVA col will get only one page.
That's why I'm getting only a 100.
I am users.
Then what about your remaining?
I am useless information.
All right, so to get all IMUs information using goto three client method,
you have to create a pages,
three budgets you are to create but your piazza up.
No, two, not four IMUs are there.
That's why I'm saying that we hope to get privileges.
Each page, a 104200,
unit, two pages remaining, 44.
I am users, you need one more page, three pages.
But if you don't know how many IMUs are there,
then how can you say about pages, right?
So first thing, default,
APA client called ui-view one page,
and that will consist of only a 100 users information.
What about remaining?
I am users.
That means write, collect all wedges to get involved. All I M users.
So how many pages you want to get,
you don't know, right?
So automatically how to create all pages based on
the information which is their new edible silicone while querying.
So in that case your passengers or helpful.
So if you're trying to retrieve more than one page,
make sure that you don't know how many ways are there,
but you have to get all pages.
So if you're trying to retrieve more than one page of reserves,
you will need to use a pathname to issue multiple APA request on your behalf.
So if you use paginated automatically,
resonator will make recursively EPA calls so that for each API call will get each page.
So if there is no extra page, suppose,
just argue that as of now you are having
three budgets based on your two naught for i am users.
Now if you use batch monitor first,
it will do one API call and we will get first 100 IAM users.
Then after that again will make, I am sorry,
EPA, call it, we'll get it,
we get next a 100 I am users.
Again, we'll try to make an API call, right?
It will get next to for IMUs information.
Again, we're trying to get and again,
we'll try to make one more API calls,
but there is no use to make API call because already all IMUs are over,
then you're passionate or will stop getting pages.
That is automatic process right?
Now. So to use this pollinators already,
your boater three provides resonators.
So both the three provides resonator to automatically is Hugh.
Multiple API requests to review all the pages.
Once you've, you know, page look from each page,
you can get the required result.
So there's finally how to understand that.
Paginate US or US footstool whenever if we have more pages for your resource information,
but you don't know how many base all the other time you have to take five senators.
So whenever you are working with a client and whenever
if you're querying the information about your resources,
then only you have to take by resonators, right?
And event paginate if our straightforward to use.
And one more thing that the fascinate us or not available for all services.
Even if point is there are some other services you don't have
passionate or other time you have to create your own path knitr.
Okay, well, going forward we'll see how to create a custom cognitive.
But then how to use pads monitors.
Very simple, very fascinating,
creative by zeta that is already there with your boat.
Agree, you have to write it how to include one syntax in your code.
So after creation of your paginated piles,
netter is having IIS running to get all your pages that paginate through,
create paginated to get pagers one-by-one, only two steps.
Now let me login first your official documentation of your moto three.
So I'm going with us up now because I have this number of
IAM user so that I can show you how to use resonator for your IAM user.
The same concept is applicable even for we were other.
Services also.
Let me go with available services.
And I want to go with up now with IAM. Right?
I am.
So and that too in IAM,
either while you're rocking with the list users,
see guys in IAM is, are having,
in IAM, you're having right?
Goods, information, users roles,
policy for all you can apply your paginated not
I deselect on your paginated. Open new page.
Right.
Now see list of groups.
You have to use this bad Netter.
If you click on this, you'll get syntax also.
Suppose I want to list all the users without dropping any user, right?
That's why I'm using the word this lift user resonator.
Pedot is a query.
Query only you how paginated, right?
So the very first thing,
tight forward communist client,
I mean, what are the coined object you created that dot get past data.
So what is the magnetic or you are going to create to get list of users.
That's why this is a list of users.
Right?
Now let me open your code.
So already, you know,
let me all the codes.
Simply by resonator, that is any variable we can take it, right?
And we are not taking like client, what is our variable?
Now to this plane first we have to create planed object we had to create, right?
So in our case we should've plane our abilities.
I am underscore client.
That's it.
Now you've created a resonator.
Now it is ready to paginate through all your pages in your AWS.
Right? Then what you see here,
if we have a paginated just tried to paginate one to
get pledgers one-by-one and path prefix.
You know, worse, by default it is to slash the insert any IAM user, path flash.
Why do we have any other thing you can mention that,
but I want to get all the way.
I'm not going to take that one.
Simply paginated dot paginate as an A1 dot.
Passionate.
I'm not going to feel that even if you want to mention your paginated configuration,
you can do per page four is the maximum value menu items you want.
And what is the size of your page, right?
Anyway, you don't know the next you talk and meet next
to page information you don't know, right?
So that's why you are not going to take this.
Now simply buys Nader dot paginate.
Let me print this first information and see the output.
You are getting an iterator.
So in this iterator,
you will how based on number of pages,
based on the information which is there in your AWS account.
Suppose we are going to fetch I am useless information.
Now as of now, we are having two,
not who I am user.
You know, already we have seen a 100 users are there per page.
That's why DEF consist of three pages.
So now this information is very to paginate Renee to iterate three times.
Right now I'm going to take for loop,
take one-by-one PE separately for each page.
In your resonator.
Right?
Just to print the each page.
Now this each pays is the exactly like you know,
l2 uses operation because in each Basie how under users information,
even if you do list to users what you are getting,
you are getting IM uses infrared information for a 100 users SIM.
Now, each pays consist of list uses information.
Now let me run this and see the output.
Right, the user's videos, one page,
the last page in large busy how only for users information.
And this is for previous pages, right?
So each base consists of a 100 users information.
If you want to get clearly clarity.
Right?
Now, this is the list of e Now
in the field for users information in this a €100 information.
So again, to get how many users are there per page,
you can do like length.
You know, in Python lenses there to find out how many values are there.
Now just observe that foster pay a 100 users.
Second paid a 100 users last pitch for users, but check, right?
So if you want to get clearly all users, right?
Again, each page how to iterate, right?
So you know, if you know each base from here,
right up here, this is one page.
So from page if you want to get to either separately one by one,
you are taking for loop the same way.
Now here you have to take for each user in this information.
Then print each user dot user name.
That's it. Not dot, right?
This is a dictionary.
You have to take asic key.
That's it. I'll see that they're getting all users information.
So if you want to do count, right,
so that you can understand a rebuilding it all users information or not.
Let me take a count variable called one,
and I'm going to count it.
Then let me increase the word_count.
Right?
Now if I run that,
they're going to get all I am uses two, not four.
So this is the way how you can create your resonators
this same way if you want to create your paginated for to get your all.
If it isn't stances,
let's select the word easy to another.
Just to go with your peers based on your service,
you have to select a path knitters and your syntax is same.
So even if you go and see a path monitors for
your EC2 senor or IAM paginated what we use. Right. Seizure.
You are client.read jetpack, Notre Dame syntax.
You also see here.
Suppose describe in stanzas.
Describing stanzas, see,
get Baghdad received the only thing for what our Can you are using.
That's a byte.
And let me select this. And I want to display in stanzas from this.
I mean, using paginated,
I won't list all Mike.
Is it in stanzas?
Let me comment this core now.
Let biogenetic or important while
acquiring the information about enlisting resources, right?
So simply, you can take any variable.
Simply I'm the impact Netter,
net of equal to I am underscore client.read jetpack knitters effect.
Then for each instance because you are giving or cannot describe in Kansas,
that's why fasting for each page in your originator.
And near, sorry, I'm taking same as this name, whatever it is there.
Dot paginate.
Right?
So print, gauge, page. See the output trust.
Okay.
Im client we write,
let me create my I am client called simply.
You are Session.get client for EC2 by developing with now
easy to spelling mistake,
but may take hours, days,
whatever I have taken here.
Not right.
So anyway are going I think you're going to get
only one page because two instances of that in my icon.
So you're going to get only one page.
You just try to create number of EC2 instances and tried to work with
resonator so that you will get how to use bio-monitoring 41 easily in sensors also.
Anyway, well going forward,
use this even for F3.
Also. Write C two in concert.
It is enough to get your information in one single Pysch, right?
So under reservations, the how instances you have to take
these reservations then key-value pair, magnificently hot.
Okay?
Now same way, suppose if you want to get,
if you want to use pass liters for AS3,
for anything, you can use it, right?
Let me take a three.
So I want to pass the Nate.
I mean, I wanted to get all my Suppose objects in particular bucket, right?
See liftoff did operation is their list object.
Just click on that. Sea plane dot getMagnitude.
Getmagnitude method is same.
The only thing here based on your required query you have to mention,
suppose I want the query about objects, then lift objects,
then pageant on a bad note,
if you end up like some Twitter,
you can apply in its feet up,
even in your EC2 also. We can apply a filter.
I don't want to get all right.
I want to get only based on some ads, right?
Or some region.
Yes, we can apply that freedom.
Let me go with the describe instances.
See here you're going to play your fetus body,
how you construct already, we know how to apply filters, Right?
So okay, uh, by these weak covered,
you know how to use resources method on how to use client
and waders we covered in newer EC2 instance information.
And now after waiters, you know, paginated.
So paginated, I covered or with the help of your IAM.
Same concepts we've tried to correlate for other services also.
If you have any doubts how to use this waiters for any particular surveys,
how do you this bi-linear term for any particular service
you just met as me so that I will respond for that.
But finally, we cover the concepts of your waders by resonators,
client and the service object.
You have one more thing called meta.
Meta is just to enter into client from the resource object,
will see it in four, in one more video.
Ok, so after that,
I will also go through how to create a custom path Netter.
Okay?
Okay, thank you for watching this video.